We have the default identity user, which does not have much properties.
We want to extend our identity user and create a new model with many more properties for our websites
user.
So inside the Models folder, right click Add a new class file.
We will call this application user.
This will be a public clash, and we want to extend the identity.
Use her if you press control, start here, it will give you the option to instant and you'll get the
package.
We want to install Microsoft Guard extension, guard identity Dutch doors.
If that is not displayed, you can go to the new gate package manager and install that package.
With no application, user has all the properties of identity user.
On top of that, we want to add more properties like, let's say we want the required property fund
name of the user, so which have proper string name.
Then we want the address of the user so we can add strings for address, city, state and postal code
if we want them to be Nullarbor.
We will have to do that as well.
They are not delivered by default, so we can add the question mark here to make all of them no property
and not required.
So that's all that we had to do.
And I believe these are good enough to get started.
So let me see if the application user and we need to create a DPI said for an application, user friendly
application, deep context.
So Vibrant Creative is set on application user and cloud that application users.
Once we do that, we need to add a new migration so that the migration we can limit and extend identity
user.
Of course, we need that data access.
Let's do that again.
And perfect.
You can see all it is doing it inside the Aspen accusers.
It is adding a few columns.
Let's run the Command Update database.
And switch to sequels over.
And if we examine bulky tables, AXP net users.
So if we go on that right side here, we have name, postal code, state and address that was handed.
We have all the properties right here.
But on top of that, a new property got added, which is discriminator.
What exactly is this to see that that may register one more user?
Let's check the register button and let's go back to database refresh.
So the test one that God created will have the discriminator populated as identity user darknet is very
smart when it comes to identity.
Now it knows that there are two types of user in our application.
One is application user and one is the default identity user.
So discriminator is added here.
That way, it can differentiate between an identity user and application user in the later videos when
we create application user.
The value of this discriminator will be application user.
So perfect with that, we have added more properties inside humans here.
But before we come back to this user management, I want to work on something different, which is company
because a user can be either a company user or an individual user.
So let's change our focus for a few videos and get that wrapped up, and then we will come back to the
identity tables.